a new viral Tik Tok trend has been
spreading they call it the silent
depression you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you imagine a
depression but you can't see it you
can't talk about it it's there but
nobody wants to say the truth and in
today's video I'm going to break down
what that is all about I'm going to
explain why it's happening and then of
course I'm going to give you the details
specifically with that and how that
affects you your family your decisions
and of course what you'll experience in
2024 this is going to get crazy and wild
and I have been accurate all along
showing you each step of the cycle
because I've been studying it for so
many years it seems much more
predictable than what the others have
been telling people and that's a lot of
misinformation out there so I want to
bring you the truth so let's keep an eye
on that today as always those who are
subscribe to the channel will be able to
get the most accurate information how I
was able to determine each point of this
almost as if you know we've seen it
before you know look Jerome Powell's
pivot is a pretty big gamble who said
this bill Dudley you know this guy he
was the head of the FED of New York for
years and years so this guy saying that
it's interesting right because what he's
suggesting is that the FED has bet its
reputation on a soft Landing here's
hoping it works out and that's the whole
thing like is inflation actually going
to come down well I've said it before if
we're going to measure inflation as CPI
we're going to measure that with core
pce these things are you know what what
they measure in but you and I what do we
measure in we measure that in food in
our energy in our housing rent that's
how we do it that's real when we go to
the Gas Pump and we're filling it up and
my goodness those numbers are racking up
and the Tank's not filling up that's the
way we measure real stuff and certainly
what I have seen has been that prices of
things of stuff whatever it is tend to
go up and generally even when inflation
numbers come down prices don't really
come down at the same time we are seeing
those goods whether it's you know your
cereal whether it's you know who knows
what being shrink flated shrink flation
it's a real thing where the toilet paper
used to be a square now they cut off the
two ends you get a rectangle okay soon
it's going to be a triangle it's going
to be odd trying to use that look let's
let's be honest here the companies do
this to save they want to increase the
profitability and I know they're being
squeezed on the margins how do I know
this I'm experiencing myself in my
business I got physical products you
want to make products that takes
physical labor those individuals they
want more money well what about the
storage the warehouse capacity cost more
money to operate now so you have
increased cost there you got shipping oh
guess what yeah maybe it's come down
from its peak but it's still more
expensive than it was before one thing
after another okay this is the way it
goes and so yes it's there but let's be
honest they're taking advantage of it
okay very clearly okay so we have that
okay let let's let's break that down
we've we've got the determination of the
Central Bank they're going to cut
interest rates it's coming well in this
case fed of I says rate Cuts should be
could be needed next year to prevent
overtightening why did she say that well
this is the way it works and and Jerome
Powell said this at the most recent
conference okay I watched it I saw with
my own eyes and this is you know he's
not lying about it but this is the way
it works if you're if you're now going
through and you're increasing interest
rates you're bringing that up and
inflation's coming down as they measure
it inflation's coming down well it's
going towards 2% they're trying to get
to two they're not trying to go below
two and so if they get to let's just
pick a number 3% maybe it's 2.8 maybe
it's 2.5 I don't know what the number
they're looking for they can say okay
let's cut once now okay and then we'll
wait a month and let's cut now because
that's going to kind of slow the pace of
the inflation and you know they don't
want it to go too low and it will kind
of soft Landing right that's what they
they're trying to achieve as they slowly
but surely cut because when they cut
doesn't have a a direct impact it's not
like as if they're doing that and it's
like dynamite exploding it's not working
like that okay it's it's by a Thousand
Cuts so they have to strategically ass
surgically
react that's true but you know there's
anyone's guess as to how exactly that's
going to affect the uh markets and the
economy other than the fact that it's
more about forward guidance or the words
they're using that I think that has more
of an impact more so so than anything
else cuz that comes way ahead of of the
actual actions that they take but the
markets the bond market specifically
well they're they're being very clear as
to what they believe is going on and
this is just showing us the percentage
of the 10 yield uh curves inverted
basically just showing us that the bond
market you have yield curve inversions
this signals a recession and my goodness
uh it's at a record high showing us
no there should be no no no surprise
here that many indicators are showing
recession but understand this my whole
you know talk about this is that if
we're going towards more money printing
because I believe we do in more
inflation not necessarily CPI or core
pce inflation real inflation well then a
recession Believe It or Not would bring
that upon even faster it would bring it
even worse why because we go into a
recession the fed the government they're
looking for an excuse to start pumping
many people say no no no they're not no
they're not they're they're they're
trying to uh prevent runaway
inflation that's what they tell you in
the media that's the mainstream media
view they want to create inflation the
most that they can possibly get but get
away with it you see because if they
start to bring interest rates down to
zero right now and just start printing
trillions of dollars
you'll point the finger at them and
you'll say whoa whoa wait a second you
shouldn't be doing that and the public
would start to rise up the public would
get angry but if they wait for a certain
event to happen and then they went crazy
on it well then they can get to their
goal their goal of course is to help
their friends out what do their friends
want their friends want more inflation
their friends want the potential for
short periods of deflation they come in
they buy up but then eventually
everything gets priced Higher and Higher
and we have a chasm in between the rich
and the poor and remember there's only
two groups the rich and the poor
everybody middle class you're getting
pushed down very few will climb to the
top very few very few all right look at
this expect six rate Cuts starting March
2023 this is what one analyst said some
think it's going to be more like three
okay that's what the fed's SE what they
call the sep that's just a Dot Plot it's
like where do you think they imagine
they asked all of the members of the FED
okay where do you think the rates will
be next year on that they've said three
okay but of course no actions have been
taken Bank of England warns more pay for
renters as landlord's exit so the
landlords they cannot deal with this
right now higher interest rates and so
what's going to happen here I think it's
going to be more and more corporate
buyers that come in at least in the
United States we will see that for sure
and that means guess what they don't
care they really don't care so they're
going to push up the prices as much as
they humanly possibly can living
standards will kept like what's the bare
minimum okay you want to get through to
somebody you can't get through to
somebody it's a corporate it's
Corporation Bank of Canada's mum that
that's the equivalent of Jerome Powell
expects in inflation to be close to 2%
Target by late 2024 so what does that
tell you interest rate Cuts coming
sooner than that so just like I just
said they've got a cut before they get
to 2% same thing if he's saying 2% by
the end of 2024 they got to start
cutting earlier before that to get it
down to 2% before 2024 you see what I'm
saying here so expect it sooner rather
than
later let me stop let me pause for a
moment here you your circumstances are
you the one that manages your money and
your family well if that's the case you
got to start taking action as it relates
to this they are saying we're going to
cut interest rates soon so what do you
think is going to happen that's why the
market is already starting to go wild
saying I think I get it I think I see
what's going on here all right look do
you appreciate this information if you
do hit that thumbs up button do you have
a friend or family Co worker somebody
that you can share this video with hit
that share button right now send it off
to somebody I'll wait no worries I'll we
right
here okay good done all right all right
let's continue Canada's Debt Service
cost hit a record high on interest rate
hikes that shouldn't surprise every
anybody but here we are today seeing
that that's why they are begging and
pleading for interest rates to decline
we we'll see if that actually happens
and when it happens and how how low can
they go they may not be able to go all
the way down to zero if inflation starts
to go skyrocketing higher we're going to
follow that very closely here on this
channel of course and that's the Tik
Tock depression okay is the US in a
silent depression Economist way on the
viral Tik Tok Theory one of Tik tok's
latest trends coin the silent depression
aims to explain why Americans feel so
bad about their own Financial standing
even when the country is in good shape
well depends what you ask I guess key
expenses such as housing transportation
and food account for an increasing share
of the average take-home pay there's no
question about that I know quite a quite
a few people that are making six figures
that are dealing with some pain and so
you see that here looking at it
take-home pay is being high but let's be
honest it's shrinking in real terms any
notion from Tik Tok that life was better
in
1923 uh than it is now is divorce from
reality look we've we do have many
better things than 100 years ago there's
no question about that um and and what I
want to be clear about is there's like
it depends on what you're looking at
here so we could say that there's better
access to health care if you want to do
that you know you have your phones you
have your internets you got all these
different things in our life but most of
that is an empty void really okay it's
all garbage TV and everything else but
what I see is that the things that
people have to deal with whether it's
1923 or whatever the things that people
have to deal with right
now they're not prepared for it they're
not prepared for this and we're moving
into this time whether it's depression
or recession Hard Times Higher inflation
whatever the case may
be we have a period in which it's
difficult and I talk a lot about this
with my finance Friday group
because I can be more real I don't have
to worry about algorithms all that stuff
but let me just tell you right now times
are likely to get more difficult in the
coming months and years not necessarily
I'm not talking about a stock market
crash all that stuff I'm talking about
real
economy and we know that prices don't
decline once they go up and so if you're
struggling today what do you think is
going to happen next year we've got to
get our act together now what I was
doing Year many many years ago was that
I had three jobs SL businesses running
at once I was burning the midnight oil I
was doing seven days a week still doing
seven days a week now but in a different
circumstance okay I was really really
pushing it to the limits and you know
when you're young you could do these
things you have the energy and what I
was doing was taking that money and I
was investing it okay and I was doing
that because I knew knew that there's
going to be a moment in time in which
it's going to be much more difficult so
I have the energy now I'm going to make
use of it so if you got those people in
your life or you're one of those people
that's you know 30 and under you got to
be doing what you can now you're going
to be doing what you can yes you can
enjoy some of that there's no question
about that you want to go on vacation
you want to have some experience
certainly but don't burn your money
don't do the buy now pay later don't get
things on credit cards and then carry a
balance please please don't do that if
you need to reach out to me if you got a
kid that's spending too much money and
so on and so forth get him to reach out
to me okay we can do one I have my
finance Fridays and then I have my
Sunday session which is like helping
people to build a business uh online
business that's separate stuff we can
also do one-on-one stuff but anyway
we'll talk about that later I just think
that people are not prepared they're
going to get slaughtered they're going
to get slaughtered okay and I I say this
to you to be honest with you General
Mills Echo FedEx with a warning about
weaker demand so you can't even buy
Cheerios anymore people Cheerios cost
too much now it's being shrink flated
away and you can't afford it that's the
that's crazy to think about that's so it
hurts to talk about that this is the uh
business activity just showing you
overall there's been this weakness
overall in businesses and they're
feeling the effects of inflation
businesses are too believe it or not
yeah their profits might be up and here
or there but but their General activity
has been down they have too much
inventory we know the drill we know
what's happening here okay so that's the
overall circumstance call it a silent
depression whatever people aren't
prepared that's what it comes down to
that's the circumstance that we have
going on today if you want to be able to
get the best the latest and greatest
information that I just can't give on
here well that's all in my money GPS
Finance live you can get the details at
the link in the description below at
that link it explains everything you
need to know on the Friday session I do
uh Financial stuff and everything and
then the Sunday session is completely
separate from that I talk about business
building a business online especially
those people who are like in they're
young they're very in tune with you know
how to do stuff online is a no-brainer
it's a no-brainer to be learning about
this right now but doesn't matter what
age you're at get into it learn it it's
a skill we have to be able to operate
from anywhere why because the area you
live in in today may be not viable may
not be a place you want to be and so you
got to walk or maybe you got to run and
you want to have that mobility and of
course an online business will do that
links in the description at the top
there uh you can reach out to me if
you're interested and as always make
make sure you give this video a like
because doing so not only supports me
but it notifies the algorithm this is
good stuff so I want to thank you for
that I want to thank you for being here
today and of course as always I'll see
you here tomorrow take care